pull_request_template.md, before:

# Approvals
- [ ] Final Approval From Contributor (_Name_)
- [ ] Final Approval From Manager (_Name_)

_Additional approvals if this is a TaskUs tool_
- [ ] Final Approval From Operations (_Name_)
- [ ] Final Approval From Upper Management (_Name_)


# Description

_Include a summary of the change and issue fixed. Include relevant motivation and context. List any required dependencies for this change._


# TheTake TaskUs Tool Testing Torah (TTTTTT)
_(Delete if not a TaskUs Tool)_

_Follow and check off steps if this PR is for a tool used by TaskUs. More detail in this presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10v6bVgcNDI9Z-0cssha9Tr0pgMmljZ2L05gXzeYzE0c/edit#slide=id.g8af75cf8e8_0_214_

1. [ ] 1. Dev work done
2. [ ] 2. Code tested locally
3. [ ] 3. Code review done with manager
4. [ ] 4. Deployed to staging environment
5. [ ] 5. Testing plan created with input from manager and operations (Vic) - outline testing plan below
6. [ ] 6. Testing performed according to plan on staging environment
7. [ ] 7. All existing tests pass in staging environment
8. [ ] 8. Any newly added metrics/tests are operating correctly in staging environment
9. [ ] 9. Presented feature to manager and received sign-off
10. [ ] 10. Presented feature to operations (Vic) and received sign-off
11. [ ] 11. Presented feature to upper management and received sign-off
12. [ ] 12. TaskUs switched to staging environment
13. [ ] 13. Staging environment is stable
14. [ ] 14. Code deployed to prod environment
15. [ ] 15. Prod environment smoke testing and automated tests pass
16. [ ] 16. Taskus switched back to prod environment


# Testing

_Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce your results. List any relevant testing configuration details._

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B


# Monitoring/KPIs

_List KPIs that should be measured to ensure the project/deployment is successful._

- [ ] KPI 1
- [ ] KPI 2


# Documentation

- [ ] Requires documentation update
  - [ ] Documentation written and available [here](link)
  - [ ] Documentation can be written later
  

# Contributor Checklist:

- [ ] Code has been thoroughly reviewed
- [ ] Code follows style guidelines
- [ ] Code contains comments throughout, esp. in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] A monitoring plan is in place to detect issues with the release
- [ ] Dependent changes are published in downstream modules


# Manager/Reviewer Checklist:

- [ ] I have reviewed the modified code
- [ ] I have evaluated the potential for this change to affect other systems
- [ ] I have reviewed and/or re-run the tests outlined by the contributor
- [ ] I have reviewed any new documentation
- [ ] I have reviewed the monitoring plan and am confident that any issues will be detected

Commit message:

Update PR to include AI approval

pull_request_template.md, after:

# Approvals
- [ ] Final Approval From Contributor (_Name_)
- [ ] Final Approval From Manager (_Name_)

_Additional approvals if this is a TaskUs tool_
- [ ] Final Approval From Operations (_Name_)
- [ ] Final Approval From AI Team (_Delete if not AI related_) (_Name_)
- [ ] Final Approval From Upper Management (_Name_)


# Description

_Include a summary of the change and issue fixed. Include relevant motivation and context. List any required dependencies for this change._


# TheTake TaskUs Tool Testing Torah (TTTTTT)
_(Delete if not a TaskUs Tool)_

_Follow and check off steps if this PR is for a tool used by TaskUs. More detail in this presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10v6bVgcNDI9Z-0cssha9Tr0pgMmljZ2L05gXzeYzE0c/edit#slide=id.g8af75cf8e8_0_214_

1. [ ] 1. Dev work done
2. [ ] 2. Code tested locally
3. [ ] 3. Code review done with manager
4. [ ] 4. Deployed to staging environment
5. [ ] 5. Testing plan created with input from manager and operations (Vic) - outline testing plan below
6. [ ] 6. Testing performed according to plan on staging environment
7. [ ] 7. All existing tests pass in staging environment
8. [ ] 8. Any newly added metrics/tests are operating correctly in staging environment
9. [ ] 9. Presented feature to manager and received sign-off
10. [ ] 10. Presented feature to operations (Vic) and received sign-off
11. [ ] 11. Presented feature to AI team and received sign-off (_delete if not AI related_)
12. [ ] 12. Presented feature to upper management and received sign-off
13. [ ] 13. TaskUs switched to staging environment
14. [ ] 14. Staging environment is stable
15. [ ] 15. Code deployed to prod environment
16. [ ] 16. Prod environment smoke testing and automated tests pass
17. [ ] 17. Taskus switched back to prod environment


# Testing

_Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce your results. List any relevant testing configuration details._

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B


# Monitoring/KPIs

_List KPIs that should be measured to ensure the project/deployment is successful._

- [ ] KPI 1
- [ ] KPI 2


# Documentation

- [ ] Requires documentation update
  - [ ] Documentation written and available [here](link)
  - [ ] Documentation can be written later
  

# Contributor Checklist:

- [ ] Code has been thoroughly reviewed
- [ ] Code follows style guidelines
- [ ] Code contains comments throughout, esp. in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] A monitoring plan is in place to detect issues with the release
- [ ] Dependent changes are published in downstream modules


# Manager/Reviewer Checklist:

- [ ] I have reviewed the modified code
- [ ] I have evaluated the potential for this change to affect other systems
- [ ] I have reviewed and/or re-run the tests outlined by the contributor
- [ ] I have reviewed any new documentation
- [ ] I have reviewed the monitoring plan and am confident that any issues will be detected
